Welcome to the best part of landing a job you've done all the coding exercises you can do.
You've prepared for the interview you've done they interview you you've answered all the questions and
now you wait and hopefully you hear back with good news.
But the game doesn't really end there as a matter of fact.
This is the fun part.
This is what you work for.
And there's an easy obvious way of going about it which is not practicing and not learning how to handle
offers or negotiation or a bit of a harder way where we learn how to do these things properly so that
overall we're able to have higher salaries work for better companies and just overall be more satisfied
with our jobs.
So we're going to take some time in this section to learn the skills that again will allow you to grow
a lot faster and be more satisfied with your jobs.
Let's have a look at where we're going to talk about in this section.
We're going to talk about how to handle an offer when after they interview somebody says hey congratulations.
We want to work with you.
Here is your offer.
What do you do.
Do you just say yes.
What about handling multiple offers.
A lot of people don't talk about this but when you are interviewing Most likely you're interviewing
at a lot of companies and most of the time you're not just getting one offer you're getting multiple
ones.
How does this work and how can you actually use them to improve the actual offers that you get.
We're going to talk about an important topic of handling rejection.
We're all going to get rejected one day.
I don't think I've ever met anybody who's been accepted to every single job that they've applied for.
We're going to talk about getting a raise and how it's actually a lot simpler than you might think.
And obviously we're going to be talking about negotiation and some of the negotiation tactics and techniques
that is going to help you through all these other videos and other lessons to prepare you for the real
world.
So lots to cover.
It's going to be a fun one.
Let's get started.